Response Selector in Cross Validation (#4976)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/4976.improvement.rst

> ``rasa test nlu --cross-validation`` now includes evaluation for response selector also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``rasa test nlu --cross-validation`` now also includes an evaluation of the response selector.
```

> As a result, the train and test F1-score, accuracy and precision is logged for response selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, the train and test F1-score, accuracy and precision is logged for the response selector.
```
